These Terms govern your use of MY UNIVERSE Software. These Terms make up the entire agreement between you and MY UNIVERSE regarding your use of MY UNIVERSE.

I. Community Standards.
Authenticity creates a better environment for sharing, i want to make sure that the content people see on MY UNIVERSE is authentic. To making MY UNIVERSE a safe place. MY UNIVERSE remove content that could contribute to a risk of harm to the physical security of persons. Content that threatens people has the potential to intimidate, exclude or silence others and isn't allowed on MY UNIVERSE. Privacy gives people the freedom to be themselves. Currently, the posts you publish on MY UNIVERSE are public, so make sure your content does not affect the privacy of others. MY UNIVERSE believe that all people are equal in dignity and rights. I expect that people will respect the dignity of others and not harass or degrade others. 

The following are properties of content you can not post on MY UNIVERSE: Violence and incitement, Dangerous individuals and organisations, Coordinating harm and promoting crime, Restricted goods and services, Fraud and deception, Suicide and self-injury, Child sexual exploitation, abuse and nudity, Adult sexual exploitation, Bullying and harassment, Human exploitation, Privacy violations, Hate speech, Violent and graphic content, Adult nudity and sexual activity, Sexual solicitation, Account integrity and authentic identity, Spam, Cybersecurity, Inauthentic behaviour, Misinformation, Memorialisation, infringement of intellectual property rights.

MY UNIVERSE can remove or restrict access to content that is in violation of these provisions. If i remove content that you have shared in violation of our Community Standards, i'll let you know and explain any options you have to request another review, unless you seriously or repeatedly violate these Terms or if doing so may expose us or others to legal liability; harm MY UNIVERSE community of users; compromise or interfere with the integrity or operation of any of our services, systems or Products; where MY UNIVERSE are restricted due to technical limitations; or where MY UNIVERSE are prohibited from doing so for legal reasons.
---
II. Provisions.
1. Make sure you are over 13 years old (or the minimum legal age in your country) to use MY UNIVERSE.
2. You cannot use MY UNIVERSE if i've previously disabled your account for violations of MY UNIVERSE Terms or Policies.
3. You can only create one account with one email.
4. Username is unique, cannot be change.
5. Currently, if you sign up for an account with facial recognition, your facial data will be saved locally as an encrypted file on your computer. So you can only login with your face using the computer you have registered with. I will try to update more flexible features in future versions.
6. I work hard to provide the best Product i can and to specify clear guidelines for everyone who uses. MY UNIVERSE, however, are provided "as is", and i make no guarantees that they will always be safe, secure or error-free, or that they will function without disruptions, delays or imperfections. To the extent permitted by law, i also DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. I do not control or direct what people and others do or say, and i are not responsible for their actions or conduct (whether online or offline) or any content that they share (including offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful and other objectionable content). I cannot predict when issues may arise with MY UNIVERSE. MY UNIVERSE may need to update these Terms from time to time to accurately reflect our services and practices. We will only make changes if the provisions are no longer appropriate or if they are incomplete, and only if the changes are reasonable and take due account of your interests.
5. Account auto-login is the default, but you can 'disable' by unchecking the check box in the settings. Auto-login saves your sensitive data on the computer where you are using software such as passwords.etc...
We therefore do not recommend choosing 'auto-login' and ensure the security of your computer when choosing this option.
---
III. Responsible AI.
MY UNIVERSE has and will use AI and Machine Learning technologies to develop and serve people's benefit. MY UNIVERSE always strives to apply AI and Machine Learning responsibly and fairly. Therefore, MY UNIVERSE would like to make some commitments about its model as follows:
1. Responsible and fairness: Fairness refers to the equitable treatment of individuals, or groups of individuals, by an AI system. Bias occurs when an AI system has been designed, intentionally or not, in a way that may make the system's output unfair. Bias can be present both in the algorithm of the AI system and in the data used to train and test it. It can emerge as a result of cultural, social, or institutional expectations; because of technical limitations of its design; or when the system is used in unanticipated contexts or to make decisions about communities that are not considered in the initial design. MY UNIVERSE always try to apply best practices while taking a human-centered. MY UNIVERSE analyze & train automatic machine learning model based on input data with fixed specific algorithms, ensure the fairness of the results. The fairness of results may be regulated by law or government regulations.
2. Data: MY UNIVERSE always sort and select all available or verified data from reliable or verified sources. However MY UNIVERSE does not guarantee 100% of their authenticity (Except for verified definitions). I reduce the introduction of data redundancy by collecting only relevant, necessary data for a particular feature.
3. Privacy: AI and Machine's Privacy go with our Privacy in Privacy Policy. MY UNIVERSE is systematically designed to identifying potential threats can help keep AI systems safe and secure.

While always wanting to bring the best model possible, AI and Machine Learning model of MY UNIVERSE development will not be 100% perfect as technology and informations are always update and change.etc...you must understand that there are some errors that will be unpredictable.

Date of last revision: 31/7/2022